Five Websites that are "RESPONSIVE"

http://www.barackobama.com 

The audience for this website are the people of the world who are interested in 
Barack Obama and his plans. They can also visit the website to stay up to date with 
the latest happenings.

To adapt from a 'website' to a 'mobile' or a smaller screen size the main image 
located on top of the website scales to a smaller version. Some of the aritcles that 
had a small amount of information showing below their title are scaled down to just a 
link. 

http://www.anderssonwise.com/

Anderssonwise is an architecturial group. The website shows a portfolio of their 
projects that have been completed since their startup. 

Going from a regular version to any re-adjustable version their website re-scales all 
the images. The links also adapt to the size of the screen. 


http://www.createdm.com/

This company here has made a beautiful website to offer their services to 
clients. They offer application development, and they have done the right 
thing by designing such an amazing website that is very easy to see and 
use. Perfectly done.

Actually unlike the other websites this website completely shows new 
images when the size of the screen is decreased. The links fit perfectly 
onto the screen without anything being out of proportion and place

http://www.clearairchallenge.com/

This website supports the environment. It is meant for people who want to 
help the enviorment by choosing cleaner ways of commuting. Anyone can 
signup and log how they commute and how they changed their commute etc....

This website when adjusting to smaller screens has a different type of 
layout than the desktop version. In here all of the link and information 
gets aligned in vertical tiles and the user just needs to do is scroll 
down.

www.microsoft.com

The website is intended for people who use/want microsoft products. 
Microsoft offers so many different types of services and any user or 
researcher can start at this website.

This website when shrunk down to smaller versions adjusts the images to 
fit the screen. the search box on the top hides itself and all you see is 
a magnifying glass. The links also get pushed under a image and when 
clicked on the image the link re appear. 

 
